
# Motivation

Since it is (sometimes) hard to find any tickets for upcoming football matches, I was compelled to explore how this process can be automated or at 
least how it could be made more easy to find any tickets.
This project was made as an experiment and it is a learning experience for me.


# Features

Since I am still not familliar with how the server communicates with the client and vice versa as of making this project, the program can only get 
the data for available seats for all the upcoming matches presented in the [website](https://www.passo.com.tr/). The data is then extracted to a 
.txt file. The program also shows the category of seats, where the most amount of seats are available.


## Issues

The authorization token in the GET header seems to get occasionally re-generated by the website and it is required to use the most recent token to 
access the most (some might still get fetched without getting 401) amount of data.
Currently I am using the authorization token from the GET header sent from the website and manually updating it whenever I need to fetch data and 
the previous token does not work.

## TODO

- ~~Find a way of working around the authorization token~~ I have tinkeder with the encrypted keys and it seems that they are, as unsurprising as it 
is, uncrackable. Only a part of the authorization key changes whenever it gets updated but as I stated before, it still is uncrackable. The only 
I know of is somehow bypassing the captcha, however I neither have rescources to run an OCR nor the budget to pay for an API to automatically solve 
the captcha. There may be some techniques that I am unaware of so if anyone stumbles upon this repo, please let me know.
- Automatically buy tickets as soon as the sales panel is open for the user
- Work with output string formatting
- Make the code more readable (re-format it)

### Additional Information About The Progress

Since I am busy with my studies (finals), I don't think I will be able to make the bot automatically buy tickets since it requires more tinkering with credit 
the API requests and banking etc.. The format of the output seems nice enough for me and code readability is something I don't have time to adjust 
since it requires time and the program is functioning, so I am semi-satisfied.
